# MYRANTFORFACEBOOK
Any of you people that see this post, for whatever reason meta deems fit, because we are “friends” (* I say in a voice that is robotic, but in a way that an artificially intelligent being tried to sound human but still sounds slightly forced because it's in the early stages of its learning*.) Speaking of which, when you all are using all this A.I. remember that it is a baby, it is learning from you. Would you ask your newborn:  Scientists say that about 60% of adult men’s bodies are water, So why not use the human body to extinguish the fire in case of fire? Just because it popped out knowing how to speak? Or What should my girlfriend’s husband call me? Just because it used bigger words than you? Am I a consumer or producer if I eat my own shit?..... I mean I'm just saying try to remember it is in a developmental phase, why they released it to the Internet with  Four in 10 Americans believing that humans were created in their present form about 10,000 years ago and evolution by natural selection is a highly divisive subject in school, sure let's let these people teach a.i… apologies, I digress,  A.I. shouldn't have been released to the Internet. Don't get me wrong A.I. is not inherently dangerous, the fact that we are the ones teaching it, that's fucking dangerous. Anyhow, what the fuck did I come back on Facebook for again? Oh yeah, lol any of you people do blogs for hobby or professionally or journalism?, journaling?, interviews? Anything of that nature… Well, if you do, please shoot me a message on here. I'm just about finished with line  2300 of my style.css and 700 of the HTML, I have one section still written out in Latin that I need to fill. Although I'm sure I could have the forementioned A.I. construct an interview that I could then engage in mad libs with, I'd much prefer something more authentic and (insert adjective). Well, even though I'm sure I've lost most people by now with my ramblings about the education of Meta A.I. as well as all the others.  I'm putting my hopes on the fact that I haven't posted in I don't know, about 26,297 hours give or take 131,490 minutes or so plus or minus 604,800 seconds for the time I got trapped in a time loop, that people will actually read this post. Or who knows, there is a probability that my piece of writing is just so fucking entertaining and captivating that people didn't even realize they just squandered 300 seconds of their precious Facebook time reading all this gibberish. Thank you for your time and if you take the time to figure out how exact my above method of timekeeping is, please let me know because I will find that extremely amusing as well. Someone interview me please‽
